[SFTY-925] Add Safety Center documentation (#23820)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/safety_center.md

- [**OAuth applications**][5] that have been inactive for 60+ days or have write access and have been inactive for 30+ days.
- [**API keys**][3] that have been unused for 30+ days.

### OAuth Apps
Inactive **OAuth applications** can pose a potential security risk to your organization if compromised. They should be reviewed regularly and those applications that are no longer in use should be disabled.

{{< img src="account_management/safety_center/disable-unused-oauth-app.png" alt="Disabling unused OAuth app" style="width:70%;" >}}

### API Keys
Unused **API keys** can facilitate unauthorized access to your organization if they become exposed on the internet. Unused keys need to be reviewed and revoked if your organization's infrastructure does not rely on them.

{{< img src="account_management/safety_center/revoke-unused-api-key.png" alt="Revoking unused API key" style="width:70%;" >}}

## Users
In order to keep your organization safe it is important to follow best practices for user management. The **Users** page in **Safety Center** surfaces user-related security recommendations:

- [User invites][7] that have not been accepted for 30+ days.

> - [Admin users][1] in case their number exceeds 10% of all users within an organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Admin users][1] in the event their number exceeds 10% of all users within an organization.
```

### Pending Invites
Having inactive user accounts or **stale pending user invites** increases the surface for a potential account takeover attack. That can be especially dangerous if inactive user accounts have high-privilege access. To keep the number of inactive users to a minimum consider either resending **old pending invites** or deleting them if those users do not need access to the Datadog platform.

{{< img src="account_management/safety_center/resend-pending-invite.png" alt="Resending pending invite" style="width:70%;" >}}

{{< img src="account_management/safety_center/delete-pending-invite.png" alt="Deleting pending invite" style="width:70%;" >}}

### Admins

> Giving **admin access** to users without careful consideration increases potential security risks in case a user account with elevated privileges gets compromised. To keep the number of users with **admin access** low, review your admin users regularly and revoke admin privileges if users do not require them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Giving **admin access** to users without careful consideration increases potential security risks in the event where a user account with elevated privileges gets compromised. To keep the number of users with **admin access** low, review your admin users regularly and revoke admin privileges if users do not require them.
```
